I don't follow you at all Mr. Wilson.
All right, I think you're going to do it.
I asked you something else, Senator,
and would you think it over a moment?
If I'll think it over as long as you want to,
may I say that I think that any person in the government
who knows of communism and knows of prison,
who knows there's no action being taken,
I think he should get impatient,
extremely impatient.
I think he should bring the information
to the government.
to the proper committee.
One other question, Senator,
and I guess I won't charm you with it.
It makes me a little...
I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you.
Are you ever, in any sense,
uneasy about this system of informants
on which your committee relies so much?
I am uneasy because more people in government
don't have the loyalty, don't have the guts.
To give the proper committee the information
which we should hear.
Do you understand, my thing,
that I personally wish there were other good ways
to do it, the innovation to having a...
If you buy on each other,
it seems a little uncomfortable.
If you could suggest Mr. Welch,
how we can expose these communists
in a more delicate fashion,
if you can suggest some way of getting information
other than the co-workers of Twitter,
if you can suggest Mr. Welch
that we have exposed a single communist
which should not have been exposed,
then maybe we can get on with this fussing
but up to this point Mr. Welch,
as I listen to your questioning,
you are intimating that there is something wrong
about the head of an investigating committee
and I was elected head of the committee
by unanimous vote of the summit.
It's the watchdog committee if we can follow that.
Our job Mr. Welch,
our job is to dig out how meanism, corruption,
treason, anything which is improper.
Now, when you suggest that a person is a spy
because he gives us
the represent of the people,
the information of wrongdoing Mr. Welch,
I think inadvertently doing a great disservice
to those loyal government employees.
Senator, it is not my business to blow
the viewful of other people in government
but the administration does boast of the fact
that quietly and steadily and surely
they too are moving out,
communist and communist synthesizers.
You must have heard that, haven't you?
Yes, I think the right...
Must be true, isn't it?
I think the work here to this administration
has been rather impressive.
Now Senator,
since I am determined to reach at least
something in your examination
that seemed to be of some importance,
I wish the turn to the matter of general law.
You will recall, Senator,
that there were two sets of dates
in respect to general law,
which seemed to me of importance.
The first two sets of dates
on November 24 and 25,
and then,
November 16 and 17,
do you agree to that, sir?
I just want to get to the chase
to Mr. Welch and First appearance
and getting that I...
I missed what you said, Mr. Welch.
I think he first appeared
in October 14, before David's office.
To which I am attracting your attention, sir,
and about which I wish to talk to you,
are the dates when Mr. Adams came to New York
and talked to you
and certainly on the 16th and 17th
or on the 17th, talked to you in this time,
Mr. Cohen,
and when he came to New York on November 24 and 25,
and talked to you and Mr. Cohen about general law.
Yes, sir.
You remember those two sets of dates?
I recall those two sets of dates.
Now, I think...
Would you wait till I get my memory in them on that?
Indeed, sir. I think I should like you to have it.
I think you'll want to question them.
The memory in them,
is probably lost in America.
Oh.
Yes, Mr. Welch?
I know.
Have you?
Have you such memory in it before your knowledge will aid you
in refreshing your recollection?
I have a memory on them,
dated December 17, 1953.
Well, that's the one that was one of your relief,
America.
That is one of the dictated on the evening of the 16th.
Yes, I'm turning our attention first,
Senator, to the dates November 24 and 25.
You remember those dates?
I remember that.
In this connection,
and with Mr. Adams in New York
and talking about general law,
the telephone call from Adams first,
and you were opposed to what your attitude would be.
If he were relieved and the telephone call from Adams
to Stevens and all that story,
are you familiar with that, sir?
That was November 24.
It's up to second, I think, that we had...
I didn't really have a connection to that.
I suggest that you confer with Mr. Cohn
or whatever you think you need.
The earliest date of the law.
I'm sorry.
Senator MacI, I think, conferring with this Chief Council.
Mr. Roy Cohn.
Senator McClallon.
Senator Simonton.
I just want to get the dates straight here.
The 24th date was revolved
with the date that I...
Many brought...
That's right.
...answering some statements made by the former president.
And I think you talked to Mr. Adams
on that day or on the next day or perhaps both.
Mr. Adams and Larry Cohn came to the studio.
Right.
Well, I was waiting to brought him here.
If you would look, Senator,
I can tell you a place or two to look in the record
where you would get some...
I don't have to write.
I'm going to write a lecture.
Twenty-four-one-six-five.
Volume 22.
I know.
4048.
This is Jessica Cohn's testifying.
And you have served his name appearing
at the very top of the page to use Senator.
Then the second time down four inches.
And the second paragraph of that statement by Mr. Cohn
I will read to you.
So I'll read to the tail end of the first paragraph
and which your Adams is supposed to have said to Mr. Cohn.
I have some news which I am going to have to break gently
to Senator McCartney.
And then this comment on the test.
I ask him what it was.
He said the need.
We are now at a point where we are going to get down
to business about getting rid of law.
He said he had worked for Mr. Stevens.
And the state plans to relieve general law
and that he has command the next day.
Would you call for the minister for your reading?
Oh, I'm awfully sorry.
I thought you were with me.
Let's go over it again Senator.
Because I do want you to have it in mind.
You're starting the...
Let's go over it again.
This is Jessica Cohn saying I want to go over
just to last and ever again.
Mr. Cohn is saying and you will see a poll.
I have some news about the middle of the page.
And I'm looking for it.
Are you ready for me Senator?
I'm ready.
You're quite proper that you should ask Mr. Cohn.
I wouldn't plan on ever completely ready for it.
Right.
Right where I would say the middle of the page
is a quotation from Mr. Cohn's testimony.
Forting Adams and to this effect.
I have some news which I'm going to have to break down
by this Senator McCarthy.
You with me now Senator.
You with me now.
I asked him what it was.
He said to me quote,
we know our attic point where we are going to get down
to business about getting rid of law.
He said he had worked for Mr. Stevens
and that they planned to relieve general law
and that he was command the next day.
Now would you turn the page over to 4049?
Are you there sir?
I am.
Now running your eye up from the bottom of the page
until you see the name Mr. Cohn.
And you see the words the first thing here.
The first thing he said on November 24th,
he might have given detail I don't know.
Was it Mr. Stevens that made concrete plans
to remove general law?
That Mr. Stevens had it very much on his mind
and was very anxious to get rid of general law.
And intended to do so,
hoped to be able to do so the next day.
But the first wine Mr. Adams
to brought the sausage with Senator McCarthy
and why to know whether or not Senator McCarthy
would make a public issue out of General Lawton's dismissal.
For those two sections of the record senator,
plus your talk with Mr. Cohn,
refresh your recollection as to those two dates
of November 24th, 25th and respected General Lawton.
Well, I don't need senator Price.
You now have it well in mind, is that right?
I think fairly well in mind.
Where would you say that John Adams
first spoke to you about this then plan
to remove General Lawton the next day?
Whether that's a broadcast or after the broadcast?
Mr. Wilson, frankly, don't know
just where and when John Adams first brought up
the subjects I know that Adams
made it clear shortly after Mr. Lawton appeared
the first time.
Well, I'm talking to the way we finished.
I know you want the information.
I'm trying to give you all I can.
I can't give you a date or a particular time of the day.
Mr. Lawton appeared on October 14th, I believe.
That's right.
And at that time, I think that was the day he was asked
why he did not get the people of communist records
out of Fort Monmouth before we started our investigation.
And I can't quote him, quote him first, but in a fact,
he said it was not until this committee started to act.
From that time onwards, it was very clear
that Mr. Adams was not happy with Mr. Lawton.
Now you'll ask me to say when, where, what he said.
I frankly can't give you any specific time or place
because John Adams and I and Ryan Frank,
others people had lunch almost every day.
We had dinner many evenings during these hearings.
And it was a thing that just sort of grew
and I knew him the night of the 24th when I was over
to make this broad gas dancing Mr. Truman.
Mr. Adams then brought up the question of the eminent
removal of Mr. Lawton.
Well, while they're going around and while we have the softening
of the gas for him and his tenders from my left.
Is Mr. Cohen? Mr. Wells here, no comment.
Senator, there's no question here pending.
I'm sure you would miss the process.
Which has to do with whether you heard it morning or noon
or night of the 24th.
I do wish to know what your recollection is
as to when you heard it if you can come on recollection.
And my intention is to strike that out.
At what time of the night or of the evening was your broadcast?
Oh, I believe it was 9 o'clock, it's 30.
Not really 11 o'clock, it's an interesting time.
How long a broadcast?
Yeah, an hour or a think.
And that's that, you and Mr. Adams and others,
is that right?
And it's Cohen and who else if anyone?
And we had a number of people there for a number of people.
I think Frank Carr among them, what they're not.
I think Frank was there.
You weren't there, were you?
I think Frank Carr and Mr. Cohen were the only members of staff.
And where were you?
They're so difficult about saying where you were.
It's there.
None whatsoever.
Is that the broadcast in session?
I don't know the address.
I'll give up the test for everything.
Yeah, no in any event.
At least.
At least that early.
As I understand it, it's the test only both for Mr. Cohen and Mr. Carr.
And now for you.
And perhaps earlier for you.
At least on that evening or by the time that the whole day was ended.
You have learned at UNO that this proposed relief of General Law in the Court,
was certainly imminent in the sense of being hotly considered by Steven.
I knew they were threatening this.
And frankly, Mr. Welch did not believe that they were going to do it.
Well, I only...
That isn't what they could.
I've read you to Mr. Cohen's testimony to the effect on in two places
that he said they were considering making the removal of the very next day.
There's no question he said that, but as I...
I talked to Mr. Adam so often.
He had tried very good salesman, John,
and he had tried so often to find some of these hearings.
But I never knew when he was bluffing when he was serious.
Well, in any event you knew full well that he appeared to be instructed by Steven
to find out what your attitude would be.
If he was afraid you of you here, they busted law.
Is that right, sir?
Uh, he appeared to be, but, ma'am, I say, uh...
But I did not say to these threats too seriously.
Well, you took it seriously enough so you stated what you would do with it.
Did it? Did you not, Senator?
Well, I'm very sorry, Mr. Welch.
I'm a little embarrassed. If you was referred to having me wait,
well, I see you talking to them to call, and I'm very glad to do so.
Uh, would you mind?
I may say I will have to talk to Mr. Cohn.
Johnson may about the law, because most of the conversations on law,
and the world is in the same as Mr. Cohn.
Yes.
Now would you meet that last question, Mr. reporter?
The fire will be in question.
I know.
What?
You're not sure, sir?
Well, I think it's what you were doing today.
Did you not find her?
Do you understand that question?
I don't think I have stated, but I don't think I have stated what I was doing.
Well, in any of that you indicated that you wouldn't keep quiet, did you not?
I don't believe I talked about keeping quiet.
I made it very clear that I knew that if they broke law,
it would be because of his cooperation with the committee.
And that you were going to raise the right of the law?
I never raised the right of the law.
Well, you were going to do something in true McCarthy style
to make it into just, to indicate you didn't approve of firing law.
Isn't that right, sir?
You and I have my differ of laws.
Let's prove which are these stylists.
Well, I'm there, my sheriff.
It's more than a quiet perimeter.
I'm just a young person.
I'm getting an article.
No, I frankly didn't say too much attention to that kind of reflection.
But if you said it, I let John know that I would consider any action taken against Mr. Lawson.
As a result, for a first law operation.
And in your presence on the next afternoon,
John Adams, telephone, secretary Steven, and said in substance.
Yes, sir.
And said in substance, you aren't going to get off easy with the Fenetary if you fire law.
Yes, I was president when Mr. Adams told the secretary.
And I don't call the conversation except the indicator that I realized the reason for the substance breaking law.
And it follows from what we have just testified to, does it not senator, that on that occasion.
Whatever you said, was it not to shut Adams up for at least a while, was that right?
No, I frankly couldn't believe the Bob Stevens.
After he had been telling us he was going to cooperate with us.
After I knew that he had called Lawson and told him to cooperate at least to a certain extent,
I couldn't conceive the Bob Stevens wanting to break Lawson for that cooperation.
It's just a two-sided secretary.
I frankly didn't say too much attention to it, but I didn't make it clear to Mr. Adams that I knew that if they...
...Rose Lawson, that the only reason they were breaking him was because he did help us expose the people of Chameleon's records in the radar laboratory.
And if you were not going to keep quiet, you say dead breaking.
I don't think we did just so that I would keep quiet enough.
Apparently you must have glared at him enough or something so that on the 2050 call Stevens and said,
I think the senator will raise a rocket if you fire Lawson.
Mr. Jenkins, you've seen me for a long time. I don't think I'm glared at anyone.
I was somewhat disturbed. I didn't believe that the Texas two-series, I didn't involve Stevens to do this.
I made it very clear that I, you say, dead, I knew the reason for it.
I don't think we raised the question of what I would say. I believe in President Adams that he could have soon...
...to the favor to break his general because they helped us expose Chameleon's records that I would have discussed that.
And very frankly, I would have.
Well now let's go forward to the next day because this batter came up again, did it not?
It came up quite often.
And it came up just as strong as ever on the 16th and 17th of December, didn't it?
I think the 17th was the day it came up stronger.
Well, that's the day on which say we had to ride a town after the Varsin and Gaster, is that right?
Just let me say this, but on the 16th, I think for the first time, and I made a mistake on the 16th,
I believe for the first time that President Adams gave us the date that they were going to release the last.
No, no, because on the 24th and 25th, Mr. Connerty gave you the date of the very next day.
I...
No, I read that to you again, sir.
We didn't read it, and I heard the testimony.
And that was a very sudden and very common mistake, wasn't it?
I don't... I'm not sure... I don't evaluate much of the testimony.
He's... he's got a lot of...
I'm not sure about a memory, I think, any man I know.
If he says they were going to release the next day, why I would abide by the act I frankly don't recall,
but he says the next day, I know that on the 16th, he said January 1st.
Now, Mr. Conner testified that he said the next day,
I am sure that Mr. Conner's memory would be good on that.
As I say, Mr. Conner, Mr. Adams had much more conversation about this, but you remember when I started talking to you about 24th, 25,
I read you from page 404A, where Mr. Conner testified,
folks, that they planned to release General Lawton of his command the next day.
You remember my reading after you said that?
I remember you reading it in the man's saying that...
I know that he was threatening that they would release Lawton.
I personally don't recall what he said the next day, but Mr. Conner said it was the next day,
I am sure that Mr. Conner's right.
And it turns up again, Mr. Conner's testimony, which I read to you here,
the 4 on page 4049, where Mr. Conner testified,
that Mr. Steven said it very much on his mind, and was very anxious to get rid of General Lawton and intended to do so,
folks, to be able to do so the next day.
Now, can we have it quite firmly fixed, this is the second time I have been over,
that on November 24 and 25 on November 24,
Adam just talking about kicking Lawton out the next day.
Mr. Richard, thank you.
Well, Mr. Sir, well, I'm very sorry.
Mr. Wilker, well...
I can only tell you when I remember, I know it would be very easy for me to say yes,
I remember all the things that Roy has remembered.
I knew that they were talking about an eminent breaking of Lawton.
Now, as I say, much more of the conversation was with Mr. Conner's problems with me.
It Roy Conner said that the Christ Booker moving the next day, I'm sure that's right.
The first specific date that I had fixed in my mind was on the 16th of December,
when I called my office, and I had to stick to the memorandum.
At that time, he gave me the date January 1st.
I understand that you say that, and I'll come back to that in a moment.
And before we got type-tracked, Senator, I thought I heard you say that you had been mistaken
about a date or about someone's presence in New York, and I think I know what you wanted to tell me,
and what you now do so.
There's nothing I want to tell you.
Well, do it, too. I just have an answer to your question.
Well, I thought you had in mind that you testified in direct that on the 16th of December,
Mr. Conner and Mr. Colton were not in town. Did you have that in mind?
Mr. Conner, Mr. Colton were in town during the day.
We held hearings over at Holy Square in the morning.
Yes, we have.
We held hearings over at Holy Square during the day.
They were not there in the evening, and I called Mr. Adam and several times,
and I'm trying to locate Mr. Conner's, Mr. Conner's also to talk to Mr. Adam about the loss.
And Matt here, principally, talks about the loss in the matter.
I'm 10 at 10 in the game tonight.
I have had, and then the problem is going to be my life.
Mr. Conner, back to you, Mr. Walsh, for another 10 minutes.